Week01
The group consisting of Mathew, myself, Michael, Ardian and Ryan was named 3900F12APenguin. 
During this time, the group successfully discussed with the TA what needed attention in the project, and the group decided to choose to follow up on Project 16. 
In addition, Mathew was selected as Scrum Master. 
After determining the basic information, the group began to brainstorm what kind of programming language to use. 
And detailed planning of each person in the project clear tasks. 
And immediately began to carry out relevant preparations for Project 16

Week02
This week, our group carried out the assignment of COMP3900 Proposal. 
I was responsible for part A, which mainly introduced what we will do in the next few weeks, so I think it is an overview. 
After planning the tasks, I started to complete the Proposal homework with my team members. 
And provide help to other team members. At the same time, I will share some problems with other team members and teaching assistants.

Week03
After answering the questions with the tutor, I started to change the content I was responsible for. And add and modify the content of the second part that was not determined before.
When comparing with the page, I have some of my own feelings. I think when setting up a page, it's important to display the main content in large format. Such as the arrangement and selection of courses
In addition to other Spaces, some other information can be added, such as the location of the line and the information of the teacher.
Make sure the most important information is presented in large format. This will make it clearer.

Week4
After the team meeting, Ardian and I will be working on the backend of the application. . We will create some functions. Establish relationships with data in SQL databases

I think the first thing that needs to be implemented is user registration, authentication, including login, registration and logout. For password encryption, we decided to use a hash function to encrypt the user's data as well as the password.


Week5

While working on sprint1, we ran into some problems, so we split some of sprint1 into sprint2. And optimized the structure of the whole code.

Dedicated user profiles create server routes and backend functionality



Week6

The task of sprint2 has been divided, and XXX and I will finish the part of tutor filtering at the end of week7.
